Postmen is a very popular tool that we can make requests from, go to post msn.com downloads and they're
just go ahead and download postman.
Not really much else to say.
Start off by clicking on home and we're going to make a get request from Postman.
Now, depending on when you're watching this video, the UI might change.
So if it does, it shouldn't be that big of a deal.
I trust that you'll find a way to make a get request.
It shouldn't be that hard.
So I'm going to go and create a new HTTP request.
I'm going to make a get request such that the URI will locate a resource with the following ID.
So we'll say local host add 80 slash contact.
Is or has an idea of 1 to 3.
If I send the sketch request.
Beautiful.
The rest API sends back that resource with a status of 200 OC.
The beautiful thing about Postman is that it supports get put post and delete requests.
So you may have been thinking, oh man, we might need to develop a front end in order to test our API.
There is no need for that because we can just use Postman as a back end developer.
Postmen can be very, very useful.